# AAHLS_LabA No.6 Vitis Analyzer
Inside this lab, the goal is to introduce Vitis Analyzer. I use examples from lab3 and Vitis tutorial. They are FIR filter and vecter addition, respectively. The design is implemented on an acceleration platform including PCIe acceleration card (U50) and X86 processor as host. The implementatio flow including Vitis and Vitis Analyzer. The results and discussion are shown in ppt.

## For individual kernels, Compile Summary.<br />
Compile summary is generated by V++, and it includes kernel estimate, kernel guidance, HLS synthesis and compile log. Inside kernel estimate, in general, the estimated frequency will higher than target frequency. Otherwise, the kernel design should be improved. In HLS synthesis file, the resource usage and time information of kernels are shown.
## For device binary, Link Summary.<br />
Link summary is also generated by v++. It contains system estimation, system guidance, timing summary, utilization, platform and system diagrams and linking log. Inside system estimation, we can quickly check timing information of each compute unit and kernel. Noted that timing summary and utilization reports are only generated after targeting hardware. Lastly, we can see how the host program and kernels are connected through high-performance memory port from platform and system diagrams.
## For application execution, Run Summary.<br />
XRT run summary includes guidance, profile summary, timeline trace, platform and system diagrams and simulation wavefoms. Inside profile summary, kernels & compute units, kernel data transfer, host data transfer and API calls report are shown. In timeline trace, we can graphically observed the host program XRT API calls and compute units execution time.
